Add "What makes PostHog different" FAQ to comparison blog posts (#18864)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-ai-observability-tools.mdx

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
<summary>PostHog says it makes your product "self-driving" – what does that mean?</summary>

It means PostHog digs through your product data, finds what's worth fixing, and has agents do the work.

It starts with context. A full suite of developer tools – [AI observability](/ai-observability), [product analytics](/product-analytics), [session replay](/session-replay), [feature flags](/feature-flags), [experiments](/experiments), [error tracking](/error-tracking), [logs](/logs), and more – captures everything happening in your product, and a [context warehouse](/blog/what-is-a-context-warehouse) unifies it into one source agents can read across.

From there, [scouts](/blog/what-is-a-scout) read across all of it and sort what's worth knowing from what's just noise. What clears the bar becomes a report in your inbox: an agent picks it up, roots out the cause, and opens a PR. You review and merge.

You can steer it from [Slack](/slack), the [web app](/ai), the [desktop app](/desktop), or your own editor via [the MCP](/mcp) or [CLI](/docs/cli).

</details>

> 

Author: @ivanagas since we're in the _45 do segundo tempo_ (good brazilian expression to know), if this isn't quite there yet we can table it for now, it's not urgent at all; 

but if good I can get the bot to roll out to the rest and merge. either SGTM

https://92c7b5d1.posthog-preview.pages.dev/blog/best-ai-observability-tools

<img width="594" height="456" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29da8dea-8124-4524-a0c3-d954de42a212" />
 
<img width="594" height="453" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6f83659f-c1a4-4ea9-8e39-b82c08509959" />

Reviewer: Yeah, this looks good. I will tweak and roll it out across them.

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
<summary>What makes PostHog different from other tools?</summary>

> 
> PostHog helps you build [self-driving products](/self-driving), and no, this isn't about cars. Instead of you prompting an agent, the product prompts itself.
> 
> It starts with context. Having a ton of developer tools in one place – [product analytics](/product-analytics), [web analytics](/web-analytics), [session replay](/session-replay), [feature flags](/feature-flags), [experiments](/experiments), [error tracking](/error-tracking), [logs](/logs), [AI observability](/ai-observability), and a [data warehouse](/data-stack) – means PostHog sees everything happening in your product. That's the part most other tools can't do: [loop engineering](/newsletter/loops) needs all kinds of signals from your product, and with PostHog, those are all in one place.
> 
> Then [scouts](/blog/what-is-a-scout) (small agents on a schedule) read across all of it and decide what's worth knowing and what’s just noise. What clears the bar becomes a report in your inbox, an agent picks it up, roots out the cause, and opens the PR. You review and merge.
> 
> You can steer it from [Slack](/slack), the [web app](/ai), the [desktop app](/desktop), or your own editor via [the MCP](/mcp). Dealer's choice.
> 
> Putting your product on self-driving mode means putting things like papercuts and conversion tweaks on cruise control, so you spend your time on the calls that need judgment – which is roughly [what software looks like by 2030](/newsletter/2030-shaped-software), when agents are the primary users and humans mostly approve, prioritize, and decide.
> 
> </details>

Author: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>PostHog says it makes your product "self-driving" – what does that mean?</summary>

It means PostHog digs through your product data, finds what's worth fixing, and has agents do the work.

It starts with context. A full suite of developer tools – [AI observability](/ai-observability), [product analytics](/product-analytics), [session replay](/session-replay), [feature flags](/feature-flags), [experiments](/experiments), [error tracking](/error-tracking), [logs](/logs), and more – captures everything happening in your product, and a [context warehouse](/blog/what-is-a-context-warehouse) unifies it into one source agents can read across.

From there, [scouts](/blog/what-is-a-scout) read across all of it and sort what's worth knowing from what's just noise. What clears the bar becomes a report in your inbox: an agent picks it up, roots out the cause, and opens a PR. You review and merge.

You can steer it from [Slack](/slack), the [web app](/ai), the [desktop app](/desktop), or your own editor via [the MCP](/mcp) or [CLI](/docs/cli).

</details>
```

Author: @ivanagas wdyt of this version? edited it down here so we still have your other edits in another one

Reviewer: I think this one could be more interesting, the detail title might be a bit long, but lets see how it looks in the preview?
